Maria Patiño your criteria is worthless you
have no credibility what you say is
worthless because your opinion is worthless because we
know that tomorrow if you are in another
production company and they force you to say something else you
are going to say it each and every one of
the videos that I have made both
dismantling the documentary and all
the characters in Sálvame are made
by me and I still maintain that opinion I
lean more to one side but I am not a
fanatic if I don't like something about
someone I am going to continue saying it and I am
going to point it out not like you in the
TV factory who have a
single thought and who are from
work to anyone who does not follow
your side of the debate I still think
that Maria Patiño is a turncoat who does
not express her opinion on what she is saying in the
programs but who wants to keep her
job at the
TV factory because she knows that if not she will lose it